c:\users\tinybox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQL\SQL\bin\Debug\SQL.exe.config
c:\users\tinybox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQL\SQL\bin\Debug\SQL.exe
c:\users\tinybox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQL\SQL\bin\Debug\SQL.pdb
c:\users\tinybox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQL\SQL\obj\Debug\SQL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tinybox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQL\SQL\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\tinybox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQL\SQL\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\tinybox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQL\SQL\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\tinybox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQL\SQL\obj\Debug\SQL_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\tinybox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQL\SQL\obj\Debug\SQL.g.resources
c:\users\tinybox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQL\SQL\obj\Debug\SQL.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\tinybox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQL\SQL\obj\Debug\SQL.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\tinybox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQL\SQL\obj\Debug\SQL.exe
c:\users\tinybox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQL\SQL\obj\Debug\SQL.pdb
C:\Users\TinyBox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SQL\SQL\obj\Debug\Log.baml
C:\Users\TinyBox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SQL\SQL\obj\Debug\Log.g.cs
C:\Users\TinyBox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SQL\SQL\obj\Debug\SpotIntro.baml
C:\Users\TinyBox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SQL\SQL\obj\Debug\SpotIntro.g.cs
C:\Users\TinyBox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SQL\SQL\bin\Debug\Spot.mdf
C:\Users\TinyBox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SQL\SQL\bin\Debug\Spot_log.ldf
C:\Users\TinyBox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SQL\SQL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\TinyBox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SQL\SQL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\TinyBox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SQL\SQL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\TinyBox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SQL\SQL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\TinyBox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SQL\SQL\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\TinyBox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SQL\SQL\obj\Debug\SQL_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\TinyBox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SQL\SQL\obj\Debug\Way.baml
C:\Users\TinyBox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SQL\SQL\obj\Debug\Way.g.cs
C:\Users\TinyBox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SQL\SQL\obj\Debug\detail.baml
C:\Users\TinyBox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SQL\SQL\obj\Debug\detail.g.cs
E:\联想备份\SQL\SQL\bin\Debug\SQL.exe.config
E:\联想备份\SQL\SQL\obj\Debug\SQL.exe
E:\联想备份\SQL\SQL\obj\Debug\SQL.pdb
